# Artificial Intelligence - Homework 0
### Name: Jair Gonzalez
### Student ID: 

## Description: This assignment required adding code to 3 python files that exercised our familiarity with syntax and data structures in Python programming language. 

The first file " addition.py ", was simply adding the sum of two variables and returning that sum. The second file " buyLotsOfFruits.py " was more sophisticated. In this file we were given a order or fruits (fruit, numpounds) and then a list of prices of fruits, our goal was to return the total cost of the order that we are given. My implementation of doing this was by creating a nested for loop. First loop was iterating through our order and the second loop was iterating through the list of fruits, every time I got a matching fruit within both lists. I would multiply the number of pounds in our order to the price in the fruit list and add that to our total cost. The last file that we were required to add code to was " shopsmart.py", which made us implement code that would compare given orders to the inventory of a N number of shops, the goal was to find the shop that found the cheapest shop for our given order. My implementation was sorta jerry rigged but worked never the less. What I did was iterate through each shop getting the total cost of our order, and then creating a if statement checking if the current cost was greater than the previous cost. If so I would continue going through the shops but if the current shop was cheaper than the previous shop, then the current shop would be the cheapest shop. In that sense I was able to compare all the shops prices with correlation to our order and return the cheapest shop. 